README.md, before:

# Codex Fantasy Blogger

This project automates a multi-agent workflow that produces a fantasy football FAAB acquisitions blog post and publishes it to a lightweight static blog.

## Overview

The pipeline consists of four agents:

1. **Top Adds Agent** – Pulls the latest waiver-wire trend data from the Sleeper public API and chooses the top `N` adds (defaults to 10).
2. **Player Research Agent** – Gathers recent news and contextual data for each player using ESPN (where available) and Google News RSS as a fallback.
3. **Transaction Expert Agent** – Synthesizes the research and issues a buy/pass recommendation with confidence and rationale (LLM-powered when `OPENAI_API_KEY` is present, otherwise heuristic).
4. **Writer Agent** – Assembles the full blog narrative and hands it to the publisher, which renders Markdown and updates a static HTML index.

Running the CLI outputs a Markdown post under `content/posts/` and keeps `content/index.html` in sync.

## Setup

```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -e .
```

Optional: set an OpenAI API key to enable LLM-enhanced summaries and prose.

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY="sk-..."
# Optional tuning knobs
export FAAB_BLOGGER_MODEL="gpt-4o-mini"
export FAAB_BLOGGER_TEMPERATURE="0.4"
```

## Usage

```bash
faab-blogger --top-n 10
```

After a successful run you will find:

- `content/posts/faab-top-adds-YYYY-MM-DD.md` – Markdown blog post with front matter.
- `content/posts/_posts.json` – Metadata used to maintain the blog index.
- `content/index.html` – Landing page linking to every generated post.

## Notes

- The workflow relies on publicly available APIs (Sleeper, ESPN, Google News). Network access is required when the agents run.
- If no LLM is configured, the system still produces reasoned output via deterministic heuristics.
- Templates for the blog are located in `src/codex_fantasy_blogger/blog/templates/` and can be customized.

Commit message:

updated time and cost information

README.md, after:

# Codex Fantasy Blogger

This project automates a multi-agent workflow that produces a fantasy football FAAB acquisitions blog post and publishes it to a lightweight static blog.

## Overview

The pipeline consists of four agents:

1. **Top Adds Agent** – Pulls the latest waiver-wire trend data from the Sleeper public API and chooses the top `N` adds (defaults to 10).
2. **Player Research Agent** – Gathers recent news and contextual data for each player using ESPN (where available) and Google News RSS as a fallback.
3. **Transaction Expert Agent** – Synthesizes the research and issues a buy/pass recommendation with confidence and rationale (LLM-powered when `OPENAI_API_KEY` is present, otherwise heuristic).
4. **Writer Agent** – Assembles the full blog narrative and hands it to the publisher, which renders Markdown and updates a static HTML index.

Running the CLI outputs a Markdown post under `content/posts/` and keeps `content/index.html` in sync.

## Spec-Driven Development Notes

This project was 100% developed using spec-driven development through Kiro. The initial prompt was:

> Create an AI agentic process to populate a blog that writes about fantasy football FAAB acquistions. One agent should should go out and grab a list of the most added players across fantasy football leagues and cull the list down to a top 10 list. Then, another agent should go out and retrieve news and data for each of the members of the top 10 list to determine why the player is on the most added list. Finally, a transactions expert agent should make the determination whether each player should be considered a buy or pass. All of this information should be put together into a blog post by a writer agent and published to a blog app.

There were no steering or guidance documents provided and no MCP servers were enabled. All designs and tasks were approved without review and development was run in full yolo/unsafe mode lasting a total of 32 minutes to complete at a cost of about $0.89 USD.

The price caclulation is based on a token usage of 222,552 input (regular) x $1.25/MM + 2,113,408 input (cached) x $0.125/MM + 34,455 ouput x $10/MM.

## Setup

```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -e .
```

Optional: set an OpenAI API key to enable LLM-enhanced summaries and prose.

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY="sk-..."
# Optional tuning knobs
export FAAB_BLOGGER_MODEL="gpt-4o-mini"
export FAAB_BLOGGER_TEMPERATURE="0.4"
```

## Usage

```bash
faab-blogger --top-n 10
```

After a successful run you will find:

- `content/posts/faab-top-adds-YYYY-MM-DD.md` – Markdown blog post with front matter.
- `content/posts/_posts.json` – Metadata used to maintain the blog index.
- `content/index.html` – Landing page linking to every generated post.

## Notes

- The workflow relies on publicly available APIs (Sleeper, ESPN, Google News). Network access is required when the agents run.
- If no LLM is configured, the system still produces reasoned output via deterministic heuristics.
- Templates for the blog are located in `src/codex_fantasy_blogger/blog/templates/` and can be customized.
